Update thrown exception description of `ContentIndex.add()` (#29405)
mdn/content: files/en-us/web/api/contentindex/add/index.md

      contain a {{domxref('FetchEvent')}}.
    - The `id`, `title`, `description` or
      `url` are missing, not of type {{jsxref('String')}}, or an empty {{jsxref('String')}}.

>     - One of item in `icons` are not of image type, or fetching one of item in `icons` failed with network error.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
    - One of the items in `icons` are not an image type, or fetching one of the items in `icons` failed with a network error.
```
